feat: Adds information about the Kubernetes configuration (#430)
meshcloud/meshcloud-docs: docs/meshstack.kubernetes.landing-zones.md

---
id: meshstack.kubernetes.landing-zones
title: Landing Zones
---

> The Kubernetes Landingzone can be used to setup shared Namespaces which are created during replication for each meshProject.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Kubernetes Landing Zone can be used to setup shared namespaces which are created during replication for each meshProject.
```

i think we never write landingzone in one word

Reviewer: but in general, what does that sentence mean? Shared namespaces sounds strange to me. Isn't it more like we create dedicated namespaces for meshProjects in a shared AKS cluster, but isolation between namespaces is still given?

Author: Yeah true. I just needed an introduction sentence. It was rather bad. Changed it too: `
The Kubernetes Landing Zone can be used to configure how Namspaces are created inside a shared Kubernetes Cluster. `
